hello I'm Damon look and we're Galu
huntin I first walk got my water got my
knife so uh yeah we better get started
get me my repo knife good are misplaced
by rain jackets apparently it's rude to
have it in a park so I got this is that
plastic no it just looks plastic it's I
am cheap deterrent big kangaroo across
big forest
shut up little wing I'm not trusting you
this one I don't need any help I'm Damon
Locke let's go
yeah hey there's some good ones down
this way get him I'm gonna cut him up
like some good new yep
just leave little wing nobody want you
Mike
yep you don't think so I can you know
I'm not the best Pig point out though I
can smell rule since I am an automated I
can definitely smell me Randy may even
see any Catholic jump across see you
mate you doing the film in there yeah
we've got good chances easy just waiting
for King the roof the best ways to hide
you like the gangster Gangnam um yeah
heard about that I'm not much into the
you today yeah
you know one of my uncle Scotty's out
here beautifully but uh there very well
could be
I saw your uncle yesterday yes he has
two aunts or uncle's that leaves you
know the trial and have it totally and
uncle I'm pretty sure that one doesn't
exist that's what a no no no I doubt it
um Bob Oh from Thailand I'm yet to meet
this Bob let's get me yeah I don't think
he's gonna make eyes yeah pretty busy
okay what is he doin here in Bangka for
him face cream or something yeah not
much technology in Thailand but yeah you
might you can try that okay it's will
Mike don't want some gone I don't know
how to tell you this story penny for
like six hours aren't anything we're
gonna see my country it's so much what
was that night you're not even a real
hunter not if it's plastic doesn't
matter Maria I want it taken off new I
Ranger Mike this the third statue I pen
yellow
like one whoa whoa mate stuff it's okay
let's go down sit down this is this is a
family show you can't be doing this on
live television you're watching
Damon lock and dam deals hunting
adventure we are facing some technical
difficulties please wait as we resolve
these issues